@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
alpha;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
alpha;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;obj\Debug\81\res\layout\tabbar.xml
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\flyoutcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\rootlayout.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\shellcontent.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;obj\Debug\81\res\layout\toolbar.xml
background;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
background;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
color;obj\Debug\81\res\values\colors.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\81\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
FrameLayout;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
item;obj\Debug\81\res\values\styles.xml
LinearLayout;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\layout\bottomtablayout.xml
resources;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\19\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\22\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\25\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\26\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\28\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\29\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\43\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\45\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;obj\Debug\81\res\values\colors.xml
resources;obj\Debug\81\res\values\styles.xml
set;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
set;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
set;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
set;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
set;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\29\jl\res\anim\slide_in_right.xml
set;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\29\jl\res\anim\slide_out_left.xml
string;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\19\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\28\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\29\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\43\jl\res\values\strings.xml
string;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\45\jl\res\values\strings.xml
style;obj\Debug\81\res\values\styles.xml
translate;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\anim\enterfromleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\anim\enterfromright.xml
translate;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\anim\exittoleft.xml
translate;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\107\jl\res\anim\exittoright.xml
translate;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\29\jl\res\anim\slide_in_right.xml
translate;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\29\jl\res\anim\slide_out_left.xml
WebView;C:\Users\dell\source\repos\RailTraceMobile - Copy\RailTraceMobile\RailTraceMobile.Android\obj\Debug\81\lp\29\jl\res\layout\activity_webview.xml
